hey guys what's going on in today's
video I'm taking a look at the iphone 6
mock up a case and a comparison between
the 5s 5c and iphone 6 bodies let's get
started so first looking at the device
itself you can tell that definitely is a
lot bigger than the iphone 5 or 5s or 5c
in comparison now taking a look at the
device you can tell that the actual body
the device is a lot different running
out from the side you can see that the
sound on and off toggle switch looks
almost exactly the same and then moving
down you can see that the volume rockers
did gain a little bit of size their
length probably little bit easier to
press on for sure then going down to the
bottom you can see that there are a
couple changes here first off we still
have the same lightning USB connection
but to the left here we have the
headphone jack and the microphone and
then also on the right side here you
notice that there's just one bar speaker
now on the older iPhones like the 5s 5c
you can see that there are two sides
here on the bottom but only one of them
actually displays sound the other ones
for pickup so that's why they I think
they just combine it into one on the six
or so far that's what it looks like
moving around to the right side you can
see that the power button is now located
on the right side and not the top now it
is a little bit different at first when
you're thinking about it because you're
like wow the iphones always had on the
top but there is some reason behind this
i think they make it like that because
if you were to reach your finger at the
top it can be a little strenuous without
sliding the phone down a little bit also
reaching all the way around the phone i
can barely reach my thumb to all four
corners of this device it is a little
bit difficult so to have to reach the
power button on the top with just my
index finger could be kind of annoying
when it could be on the side where I can
reach it with multiple fingers so I
think that's probably the main logic
behind having it on the right side of
device instead of on the top the camera
layout of the Vice is almost exactly the
same as it has been in the 5s and 5c and
also the iphone 5 with the camera on the
top and the sensor to the left of the
earpiece now the back of this demo
really hasn't had too much work done to
it as you can see there's really nothing
on the back at all besides the camera
location which is most likely where
exactly it'll be but there's not a lot
of really definition to it yet but then
again this is only just a mock-up there
hasn't been a whole lot to it yet so
right here I have a case that was sent
to me by another company to review just
a kind of a rubber stick on case as you
can see the button layout is exactly the
same as it is on the mock with the
longer buttons here on the side
the rocker right here and then also the
button lock button on the right side now
with the phone on it you can tell that
it actually fits perfectly all the way
around with all the buttons lining up in
the spot and I got these from two
separate people that sent them to me so
obviously there is some sort of logic
here if there's two different companies
sending me the same fitting model in
terms of size comparison you can tell
that is definitely longer than the
iphone 5s as well as quite a bit thinner
so this is definitely a big step up for
Apple seeing is generally their phone
stayed about the same size don't really
change that much but then also to get
this much thinner is pretty incredible
for Apple at least your side by side
with the iphone 5c again a lot thinner
than the 5c and also extended in length
both the 5c 5s and iphone 5 were all
four-point-oh inch screens so you
wouldn't expect a whole lot of
difference between the 5s and 5c
comparison and here's a comparison with
all devices side by side you can
definitely have the iphone 6 sticks out
a little bit I think I'm really going to
like the size of it it's close to the
size of the HTC One m8 galaxy s5 no 3
it's kind of all in that general size
range what people are looking for so I
think apple is making a pretty brave
step jumping up to the 4.7 that way they
can compete with all the other companies
alright guys well that is it thank you
for watching this video if you liked it
please click subscribe and like and also
leave a comment below if you'd like to
connect with me and all my other social
networking sites you can see all those
in the description below you have any
questions or comments please feel free
to leave them below thanks we'll see you
next video